SHORT TERM CARGO SHIP SAFETY EQUIPMENT CERTIFICATE

This Certificate shall be supplemented by a Record of Equipment for Cargo Ship Safety (Form E) Issued under the provisions of the

INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION FOR THE SAFETY OF LIFE AT SEA, 1974, AS AMENDED

Under the authority of the Government of





             THE MERCHANT MARINE HONDURAS



By GR CLASS CLASSIFIED FOR STANDARD (GR CLASS)



                                                                                                                                                                                          CEC No.



Name of ship

Distinctive number or letters



Port of registry



Gross tonnage

Deadweight of ship (metric tons)1



Length of ship (Reg. III/3.12)



IMO number2:















Type of ship3

     Bulk Carrier	     Oil Tanker	      Chemical Tanker	     Gas Carrier	      Cargo ship other than any of the above Date on which keel was laid or ship was at similar stage of construction or, where applicable, date on which work for a

conversion or an alteration or modification of a major character was commenced:	 	

THIS IS TO CERTIFY:

That the ship has been surveyed in accordance with the requirements of regulation I /8 of the Convention.

That the survey showed that:

the ship complied with the requirements of the Convention as regards fire safety systems and appliances and fire control plans;

the life-saving appliances and the equipment of the lifeboats, liferafts and rescue boats were provided in accordance with the requirements of the Convention;

the ship was provided with a line-throwing appliance and radio installations used in life-saving appliances in accordance with the requirements of the Convention;

the ship complied with the requirements of the Convention as regards ship borne navigational equipment, means of embarkation for pilots and nautical publications;

the ship was provided with lights, shapes and means of making sound signals and distress signals in accordance with the requirements of the Convention and the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea in force;



2.6

2.7

2.8

in all other respects the ship complied with the relevant requirements of the Convention.

the ship was/was not4 subjected to an alternative design and arrangements in pursuance of regulation(s) II-2/17 / III/384 of the Convention. a Document of approval of alternative design and arrangements for fire protection/ life-saving appliances and

arrangements4 is/is not4 appended to this Certificate.



That the ship operates in accordance with resolution III/26.1.1.15 within the limits of the trade area

That an Exemption Certificate has / has not4been issued.





This certificate is valid until	 	

(DD-MM-YYYY)

Completion date of the survey on which this certificate is based	 	

(DD-MM-YYYY)



Issued at

 	

Date of issue	 	



(Place of issue of certificate)

(DD-MM-YYYY)









           GR CLASS REPRESENTATIVE 





Alternatively, the particulars of the ship may be placed horizontally in boxes.

In accordance with Resolution A.600(15) - IMO ship identification number scheme, this information may be included voluntarily

3. For oil tankers, chemical tankers and gas carriers only. 4 select as appropriate.

5 Refer to the 1983 amendments to SOLAS (MSC.6(48)), applicable to ships constructed on or after 1 July 1986, but before 1 July 1998 in the case of self-righting partially enclosed lifeboat(s) on board.













GR CLASS – CLASSIFIED FOR STANDARD (GR CLASS)E-mail: info@grclass.com Web: www.grclass.com



Form CEC-ST	                                                             Approved by: GM	  	                                              Page 1 of 1

